c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\ConfigsPrototype.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\ConfigsPrototype.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\ConfigsPrototype.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Nancy.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Nancy.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\bin\Nancy.Hosting.Aspnet.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\obj\Debug\ConfigsPrototype.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\obj\Debug\ConfigsPrototype.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ConfigsPrototype\ConfigsPrototype\obj\Debug\ConfigsPrototype.pdb
